I think, um, any individual who joins the military should really, um,
could start considering retirement because we know that compound interest
works mysterious way in the earlier you start, the better off
you're gonna be. And even if you do not decide to make the military
career with the new TSP system, they're matching funds, and you're able
to take that money with you at your next career. And if you have
a federal career, you could just continue in the TSP, um, system. And
if not, you could take that money and it's still gonna grow. So I
think early is better. Um, I think if you spend everything right away
thinking that you're just gonna you're gonna be fine in the future.
That's when you see people struggling as they get ready to retire.